[Applause]
we hurt right this is the last edition
of the Obama administration's West Wing
week
thank you for joining us on this journey
that has spent 388 episodes we've
genuinely enjoyed showing you everything
that's happened here at 1600
Pennsylvania Avenue
our farewell episode begins in the East
Room with the first of many goodbyes
this one with the White House residence
staff who have made the people's house
not just a home for the Obama family but
for more visitors than any other present
then it was time for a final
presidential trip home to Chicago
starting off with the divide Andrews Air
Force Base to thank the crew members of
Air Force one in Chicago the first stop
was an old hot from the pre presidential
days in Hyde Park the Lloyds Red Bank
abuser we sat down with an interview
with Lester Holt I really enjoyed
conversation then it was on to McCormick
Place to address the 18,000 people
gathered here his farewell address yes
we can yes we did yes we can
thank you god bless you and God continue
to bless your life this is America
on a surprisingly balmy Thursday the
president said goodbye and thank you to
the men and women of the uniform
division of the United States Secret
Service the office said give us the
professionals of the newly created u.s.
digital service who brought their
technical expertise to agencies across
the federal government later in the
state dining room staffers and family
gathered to honor Vice President Joe
Biden little did the VP know what the
president had in store for him the
highest civilian honor that a president
can grant the Medal of Freedom with
distinction on his last full Friday in
office the president sat down for lunch
with some authors and discussed it in
his last print interview then the
president made history at the very last
minute by taping the first weekly
address recorded in the Oval Office this
week on Monday the president first lady
invited the World Series champion
Chicago Cubs to the wire this team means
so much to me personally because it was
the team that connected me and my dad
because when I was a kid at 3:30 after
school I come home
the Cubs would be clean I usually get
him in the first inning josé Cardenal
will be coming up to bat who was my
favorite player I wore my afro like him
[Music]
[Applause]
then it was under their lap service
project that the jobs have priority
Naylor Road family shelter where they
pitched in on painting a mural before
visiting the new home to the playground
they installed outside the Oval Office
about all that Sasha was when we showed
up honestly the president continued his
so long farewell first with the White
House medical units they with the staff
the general services administration John
job thank you so much then I just
opponent for my last briefing but little
did I know I would be part of the
president's goodbye tour that is all for
today he was always courteous you always
try to make sure that we can share with
you as much of our thinking and our
policy hour later the president hosted
officials from the US model wallet you
started realizing the power of these
symbols of who we are what we're about
presented him with two medals and I
wonder here is the most single powerful
work on larger work week yes thank good
quotes then from leadership from the
National Archives to think in Pradesh
and on Wednesday the last day of our
last episode the very last lap the
president took to the podium and the
Brady press briefing them for his final
medical minister two minutes I believe
in this country I believe in the
American people
I believe that people are more good than
that I believe tragic things happen I
think there's evil in the world but I
think that at the end of the day if we
work hard and if we're true to those
things in us that feel true and feel
right that the world gets a little
better each time
that's what this presence is tried to be
about and I see that in the young people
I've worked with I couldn't be prouder
of them and so this is not just a matter
and no drama Obama this is this is what
I really believe it is true that behind
closed doors I'd cursed more than I do
and sometimes I get mad and frustrated
like everybody else does but in my core
I think we're going to be okay we just
have to fight for it we have to work for
it and not take it for granted and I
know that you will help us do this thank
you very much press for good luck well
for the last time let me just say it
outright I just I just locked up and
thanks again for checking out this final
edition of your West Wing week
you guys are
you guys what's terrible